Rework resolution explantion (#84)
ietf-wg-happy/draft-happy-eyeballs-v3: draft-ietf-happy-happyeyeballs-v3.md

"Happy Eyeballs Connection Setup". This approach has several
distinct phases:

> 1. Resolution of a hostname into destination addresses ({{resolution}})

Reviewer: Is it worth keeping the note that this is asynchronous?

1. Sorting of the resolved destination addresses ({{sorting}})

1. Initiation of asynchronous connection attempts ({{connections}})

> 1. Successful establishment of one connection, and cancellation of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Successful establishment of one connection and cancellation of
```

with service information (via SVCB/HTTPS records). This accounts
for the case where the AAAA or SVCB/HTTPS records follow the
A recoreds by a few milliseconds. This delay is referred to as
the "Resolution Delay".

The RECOMMENDED value for the Resolution Delay is 50 milliseconds.

### Resolving SVCB/HTTPS Aliases and Targets

SVCB and HTTPS records describe information for network services. Individual
records are either AliasMode or ServiceMode records, where AliasMode requires
another SVCB/HTTPS query for the alias name. ServiceMode records either are
associated with the original name being queried, in which case their TargetName
is "."; or are associated with another service name (see {{Section 2.5 of SVCB}}).

The algorithm in this document does not consider service information to be received
until ServiceMode records are available.

ServiceMode records can contain address hints via `ipv6hint` and `ipv4hint`
parameters. When these are received, they SHOULD be considered as positive
non-empty answers for the purpose of the algorithm when A and AAAA records
corresponding to the TargetName are not available yet. Clients are required

> to issue A and AAAA queries as applicable for the TargetNames they don't

Author: @nidhijaju I updated the paragraph to be a bit clearer, let me know what you think

If the host is configured to have different preferences, the
recommendations in this document can be easily adapted.

# Hostname Resolution {#resolution}

When a client is trying to establish a connection to a named host,
it needs to determine which destination IP addresses it can use

> to reach the host. The client resolves the host name into IP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to reach the host. The client resolves the hostname into IP
```

addresses by sending DNS queries and collecting the answers.
This section describes how a client initiates DNS queries
and asynchronously handles the answers.

## Sending DNS Queries

Clients first need to determine which DNS resource records
they will include in queries for a named host. When a client
has both IPv4 and IPv6 connectivity, it needs to send out queries for
both AAAA and A records. On a network with only IPv4 connectivity,
it will send a query for A records. On a network with only IPv6
connectivity, the client will either send out queries for both AAAA
and A records, or only a query for AAAA records, depending on
the network configuration. See {{v6only}} for more discussion of
handling IPv6-only networks.

> In addition to requesting AAAA and A records, clients can request
> either SVCB or HTTPS records {{SVCB}}. Sending a query for SVCB
> records will be based on which application is establishing the
> connection. For applications using HTTP or HTTPS (including
> applications using WebSockets), the client SHOULD send a
> query for HTTPS records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to requesting AAAA and A records, depending on which
application is establishing the connection, clients can request
either SVCB or HTTPS records {{SVCB}}. For applications using
HTTP or HTTPS (including applications using WebSockets), the
client SHOULD send a query for HTTPS records.
```

All of the DNS queries SHOULD be made as soon after one another as
possible. The order in which the queries are sent SHOULD be as
follows (omitting any query that doesn't apply based on the
logic described above):

1. HTTPS or SVCB query
1. AAAA query
1. A query

## Handling DNS Answers Asynchronously

Once the client receives sufficient answers to its DNS queries, it can
move onto the phase of sorting addresses ({{sorting}})
and establishing connections ({{connections}}).

Implementations SHOULD NOT wait for all answers to return
before starting the next steps of establishment. If one query
fails to return or takes significantly longer to return, waiting for
the other answers can significantly delay the connection
establishment of the first one.

Therefore, the client SHOULD treat DNS resolution as asynchronous,

> being able to process different record types independently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
processing different record types independently.
```
